=Installation: Simple 5 minute installation=

1. Download and Unzip the package.

2. Open up config/sp-config.php with a text editor like notepad or similar editor.
    Then modify the following sections with your server and database settings.

# The web path or url to access seo panel through browser.
define('SP_WEBPATH', 'http://localhost/seopanel');

# DB settings - You can get this info from your web hosting provider.
# The name of the database for seo panel
define('DB_NAME', 'seopanel');

# DB database username.
define('DB_USER', 'root');

# DB database password.
define('DB_PASSWORD', '');

# DB hostname.
define('DB_HOST', 'localhost');

3. Save the contents of file config/sp-config.php.

4. Upload everything to your document root.

5. Chage permission of "tmp" folder of seo panel directory. Your "tmp" directory should be writable.

    In linux/unix change permission by following command.

    chmod -R 777 tmp

6. Open index.php in your browser. This should setup the tables needed for seo panel. If there is an error, double check your config/sp-config.php file,     and try again. If it fails again, please go to the support or help forums in next section or take "readme.php" in your browser.

7. Please use following login details to access Admin Section.

Admin Section:

  Username: spadmin
  Password: spadmin

Note: Please change password of admin section from 'My Account' link on right top of seo panel, after first login to prevent from security threats.

If any issues found during installation, Please open a ticket in Seopanel Support System.